Added info about Alerts for POV Trial (#3581)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/manage-subscription/create-manage-orgs-service-providers.md

You can upgrade a trial org by editing the org and changing the Plan Type. When you upgrade a POV Trial org, if the org is in a different Sumo Logic deployment from the parent org, the Credits çalculator may add a deployment factor, which is a percentage upcharge that varies by deployment.

> The plan gets downgraded to **Free** once the 45-day POV trial period is over. The data will be deleted post seven days after your POV trial expiration date, which can create issues when you request a re-activation. So, to overcome this issue, Sumo Logic now alerts you in three different places as shown below on the platform about the expiration date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plan gets downgraded to **Free** once the 45-day POV trial period is over. The data will be deleted seven days after your POV trial expiration date, which can create issues when you request a re-activation. To prevent this from happening, Sumo Logic now alerts you in three different places as shown below on the platform about the expiration date.
```

> - **Add Organizations**. While creating the New organization, you can view a information about downgrading your plan when the selected **Plan Type** is **POV Trail**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add Organizations**. While creating the New organization, you can view a information about downgrading your plan when the selected **Plan Type** is **POV Trial**.
```

You can upgrade a trial org by editing the org and changing the Plan Type. When you upgrade a POV Trial org, if the org is in a different Sumo Logic deployment from the parent org, the Credits çalculator may add a deployment factor, which is a percentage upcharge that varies by deployment.

> The plan gets downgraded to [**Free** plan with limitations](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-credits-accounts/#cloud-flex-credits---account-types) once the 45-day POV trial period is over. To prevent this from happening, Sumo Logic alerts you about the expiration date in two different places on the platform.
> 
> :::info
> If your CSE POV trial plan is downgraded to the free plan, your CSE access will be disabled and your data will be erased after seven days.
> :::
> 
> - **View details for the selected organizations**. You can see the **Plan Expiry** date with information about the downgrading of your plan in the view details side panel for the selected organizations. This tooltip is different for CSV and Non-CSV provisioned child org.
> - **Child org table**. If the number of days left for expiry is less than 14, a warning icon with the expiry date will be shown against the respective organizations, and the information about downgrading your plan will turn into a warning with the same message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plan gets downgraded to [**Free** plan with limitations](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-credits-accounts/#cloud-flex-credits---account-types) once the 45-day POV trial period is over. To prevent this from happening, Sumo Logic alerts you about the expiration date in two different places on the platform:
- **View details for the selected organizations**. You can see the **Plan Expiry** date with information about the downgrading of your plan in the view details side panel for the selected organizations. This tooltip is different for CSV and Non-CSV provisioned child org.
- **Child org table**. If the number of days left for expiry is less than 14, a warning icon with the expiry date will be shown against the respective organizations, and the information about downgrading your plan will turn into a warning with the same message.

:::info
If your CSE POV trial plan is downgraded to the **Free** plan, your CSE access will be disabled and your data will be erased after seven days.
:::
```
